docs: add rust api doc (#97)
nervosnetwork/molecule: docs/molecule_api.md

#### Entity
```rust
pub trait Entity: fmt::Debug + Default + Clone {
    type Builder: Builder;
    const NAME: &'static str;
    fn new_unchecked(data: Bytes) -> Self;
    fn as_bytes(&self) -> Bytes;
    fn as_slice(&self) -> &[u8];
    fn from_slice(slice: &[u8]) -> VerificationResult<Self>;
    fn from_compatible_slice(slice: &[u8]) -> VerificationResult<Self>;
    fn new_builder() -> Self::Builder;
    fn as_builder(self) -> Self::Builder;
}
```
Entity corresponds to a serialized data structure. There are two APIs that are easily confused: `as_slice` defined in the trait and `raw_data` that comes with its own structure.

`as_slice`: Complete molecule format data
`raw_data`: Original data, i.e. without the molecule header

Molecule supports compatible reading of data. The so-called compatibility refers to a structure like table, which can dynamically add fields. The old schema can read the data generated by the schema after adding fields, but it does not support deleting fields.

```mol
vector Inner <byte>;

table Old {
    a: Inner,
    b: Inner,
}

table New {
    a: Inner,
    b: Inner,
    c: Inner,
}
```

> Like the scheme in the example above, `Old` can use the `from_compatible_slice` api to read `New's` data.At the same time, the structure will have APIs such as `count_extra_fields`/`has_extra_fields`/`has_extra_fields` to let users know that there is extra data in the read data. It is currently compatible with reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the scheme in the example above, `Old` can use the `from_compatible_slice` api to read `New`'s data. At the same time, the structure will have APIs such as `count_extra_fields`/`has_extra_fields`/`has_extra_fields` to let users know that there is extra data in the read data. It is currently compatible with reading.
```
